kinematics-equations.md, before:

<lrndesign-sidenote label="Instructor Note" icon="bookmark" bg-color="#c2e5f2">
If the acceleration is constant, the integrals in the kinematics relations can be done directly and one obtains the following 3 useful equations.
</lrndesign-sidenote>

[ciscode|rev=1|tool=elmsmedia|item=4254|entity_type=node|render=display_mode|display_mode=image]

Many problems in kinematics can be solved using these equations and these are even worth memorizing (but they are given in the formula sheet). 

[ciscode|rev=1|tool=elmsmedia|item=4681|entity_type=node|render=display_mode|display_mode=mediavideo]

Here is the pdf solution of the problem solved in the video. 
[ciscode|rev=1|tool=elmsmedia|item=4680|entity_type=node|render=display_mode|display_mode=document]

## Check your Understanding!

[ciscode|rev=1|tool=elmsmedia|item=4255|entity_type=node|render=display_mode|display_mode=h5p]

** this is a proportional reasoning questions make sure you look carefully at how to do those questions.

Commit message:

Updated node 831 updated in CMS by user lul29

kinematics-equations.md, after:

<lrndesign-sidenote label="Instructor Note" icon="bookmark" bg-color="#c2e5f2">
If the acceleration is constant, the integrals in the kinematics relations can be done directly and one obtains the following 3 useful equations.
</lrndesign-sidenote>

[ciscode|rev=1|tool=elmsmedia|item=4254|entity_type=node|render=display_mode|display_mode=image]

Many problems in kinematics can be solved using these equations and these are even worth memorizing (but they are given in the formula sheet).

## Problem solving video

Question: An airplane starts at rest at one end of a runway. The pilot will abort the takeoff if the airplane
does not reach a certain percentage of its takeoff velocity by the time the plane is halfway along
the runway. For a plane known to reach takeoff velocity right at the end of the runway,
calculate this percentage. Assume that the plane has constant acceleration

[ciscode|rev=1|tool=elmsmedia|item=4804|entity_type=node|render=display_mode|display_mode=image]

[ciscode|rev=1|tool=elmsmedia|item=4681|entity_type=node|render=display_mode|display_mode=mediavideo]

Here is the pdf solution of the problem solved in the video. 
[ciscode|rev=1|tool=elmsmedia|item=4680|entity_type=node|render=display_mode|display_mode=document]

## Check your Understanding!

[ciscode|rev=1|tool=elmsmedia|item=4255|entity_type=node|render=display_mode|display_mode=h5p]

** this is a proportional reasoning questions make sure you look carefully at how to do those questions.
